# Networking mechanisms
### For the TCP server, the WSAEvents parallel service mechanism was used. To use this mechanism, you must create one or more Events (WSAEvent) using the WSACreateEvent function, and then bind the socket and type of network interactions to each created Event, after which the Event will go into the signaled state. One event can be associated with multiple sockets, and one socket can be associated with multiple events. The WSAEventSelect function is used for matching.
### For the UDP server, the parallel socket service mechanism was used: select. The most general mechanism, with several limitations, is the use of the select function defined by the POSIX standard. To use this mechanism, the caller must store the socket descriptors on which events may have occurred in some fd_set structure and pass it to the select function. In this case, the function will mark among all the transmitted sockets only those on which events occurred. 3 fd_set structures are passed to the function: the first contains the descriptors of sockets that could become available for reading data, the second - for writing data, the third - descriptors of those sockets that could cause errors. The first parameter of the select function contains the value of the maximum socket descriptor + 1. The last parameter of the function is the maximum timeout for the event: passed in the form of seconds and microseconds
### The main idea of implementing a tcp client is to fill in the structure about the client and send it to the server with further receipt of the ok message.
### For the udp client, the send_data and recv_response functions have been implemented, the send_data function sends data to the server, and recv_response processes the server's response.
*tcpcllient implemented for Linux OS*
